chore: cheat code documentation (#308)
dojoengine/book: docs/pages/framework/testing-cheat-codes.md

```
use starknet::{testing};
let contract_address = starknet::contract_address_const::<0x42>();

testing::pop_log_raw(contract_address);

```

14. `pop_log`

This cheat code helps one pop the earliest unpopped logged event for the contract as the requested type, deserializing the event data into the specified type. You can apply this when:

- Testing a contract's event handling mechanism, such as checking if a certain event is handled correctly.
- Debugging a contract's behavior by inspecting the handled events.

```
use starknet::{testing};
let contract_address = starknet::contract_address_const::<0x42>();

testing::pop_log(contract_address);

```

15. `pop_l2_to_l1_message`

This cheat code helps one pop the earliest unpopped L2 to L1 message for the contract, returning the message data and keys. You can apply this when:
-Testing a contract's L2 to L1 messaging mechanism, such as checking if a certain message is sent correctly.

- Debugging a contract's behavior by inspecting the sent messages.

```
use starknet::{testing};
let contract_address = starknet::contract_address_const::<0x42>();

testing::pop_l2_to_l1_message(contract_address)

```

> In conclusion, the Cairo cheat codes provide a powerful toolset for testing and debugging Starknet contracts. By mastering these cheat codes, you can simulate various scenarios, test edge cases, and ensure the correctness of your contracts. Remember to use them wisely and in conjunction with other testing techniques to achieve comprehensive coverage. With this guide, you are now well-equipped to tackle complex testing challenges and build robust contracts on the Starknet network. Happy testing!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In conclusion, the Cairo cheat codes provide a powerful toolset for testing and debugging Starknet contracts. By mastering these cheat codes, you can simulate various scenarios, test edge cases, and ensure the correctness of your contracts. With this guide, you are now well-equipped to tackle dojo testing which heavily uses those cheat codes.
```

```
use starknet::{testing, get_contract_address, contract_address_const};

const HUB_ADDRESS: ContractAddress = contract_address_const::<'hub'>()

testing::set_contract_address(HUB_ADDRESS);

assert(get_contract_address() == HUB_ADDRESS, 'BAD ADDRESS');
```

4. `set_block_timestamp`

This cheat code helps you set the block timestamp to the specified value, allowing you to test contract behavior at different points in time. You can apply this code when:

- Testing a contract's behavior at a specific point in time, such as checking if a certain function is only callable during a certain time period.
- Simulating a scenario where a contract is deployed at a different point in time.

```
use starknet::{testing, get_block_timestamp};

testing::set_block_timestamp(123456);

assert(get_block_timestamp == 123456, 'bad timestamp');

```

5. `set_version`

This cheat code helps one set the version to the provided value, enabling you to test contract behavior with different versions. You can apply this when:

- Testing a contract's behavior with different versions, such as checking if a certain function is only callable in a specific version.

> - Simulating a scenario where a contract is upgraded to a different version.

Reviewer: this cheat code is about the version of the transaction, not the contract's version.
Could you please rephrase accordingly?

```

> use starknet::{testing, get_version};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use starknet::{testing, get_tx_info};
```
`get_version` function doesn't exist. It's the version of the transaction inside the transaction execution info:
```rust
testing::set_version(1);
assert_eq!(get_tx_info().unbox().version, 1_felt252);
```

testing::set_version('0.1.0');

assert(get_version == '0.1.0', 'wrong version')

```

6. `set_account_contract_address`

This cheat code helps you set the account contract address to the provided value, allowing you to test contract interactions with different account contracts. You can apply this when:

> - Testing a contract's interaction with a specific account contract, such as a wallet contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Testing a contract's interaction with a specific account contract.
```

- Simulating a scenario where a contract is called by a different account contract.

```

> use starknet::{testing, get_account_contract_address, contract_address_const};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use starknet::{testing, get_tx_info, contract_address_const};
```
Same here, this function doesn't exist.

> const contract: ContractAddress = contract_address_const::<'contract'>();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const contract = contract_address_const::<'contract'>();
```
Type is inferred, it makes the code more readable. 👍

testing::set_account_contract_address(contract);

> assert(get_account_contract_address() == contract, 'wrong contract address');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert_eq!(get_tx_info().unbox().account_contract_address.into(), contract);
```
Using `assert_eq!` you don't always require to put a reason. Can be sometimes shorter and better. :)
